Forex Trading: How to actually make money as a beginner

 Forex daily volume is slightly over seven trillion, which is more than all the other markets combined. With this article, you are going to learn just how exactly can you make a small part of those seven trillion yours. Consider it an oversimplified, yet still effective tutorial on how to properly trade on the Forex market.  What is Forex and how does it work?  Forex is where the world governments, international banks and pretty much everyone else trade currencies. It’s a single exchange-free market created by the thousands of the trading networks. However, you don’t really need to know exactly how it works — just like you don’t need to know the internet transfer protocols or how your mobile phone receives the latest cat memes.  All you need to know is how you can enter this market. You are going to need just three things:   A Forex broker. The company that is going to provide you with access to the market. For beginners, we recommend   JustForex     Broker  ;  A Forex terminal. The software that will let you communicate your trades to your broker. If you are going with JustForex, consider MetaTrader 4;  A trading strategy. A basic set of rules that you will follow when trading. We will explore this below.   Of course, you are also going to need a computer or a mobile phone with internet access.  What are the major currencies?  Your best bet when it comes to Forex trading is major currencies. They have very small spreads, offer great trading conditions and often the brokers themselves provide detailed market analytics for these pairs. Granted, you probably won’t make tons of money, but even small winnings are a great result for beginners.  The major currencies are:   US Dollar (USD)  Euro (EUR)  British Pound (GBP)  Canadian Dollar (CAD)  Japanese Yen (JPY)   The currency pairs that combine USD with one of other four major currencies form major currency pairs. For example, EUR/USD or USD/CAD. Each currency pair has a constantly changing value that shows how much of one currency one unit of the other currency is worth. For example, if GBP/USD is being traded at 1.5400, you can buy 1 GBP with 1.54 USD.     The most popular currency pairs and their names in the FX community    There are other currency pairs that don’t involve USD at first glance — like GBP/JPY. However, you will find that they have higher spreads and volatility than major currencies.  How to pick a Forex trading strategy  A trading strategy is basically a set of rules you have to follow to succeed on the Forex market. Commonly, it can be defined as a set of market conditions and corresponding trades you have to do to make money off them.  The definitive Forex strategy for beginners is Price Action. Originally designed by James16, this collection of price chart patterns and recommendations is the definitive Forex trading guide. That said, the original thread is somewhat overwhelming these days.    An example of Price Action patterns, which determine the traders’ actions   There are other trading strategies that are no less viable — like scalping. However, proper scalping is a complicated task, and the risk of making a mistake is extremely high. Since mistakes on Forex will commonly lead to a loss, we do not recommend this strategy for beginners.  How to make money on Forex  Making money on Forex is easy, and you should be able to do it as long as you think with your head and do not go in blind. With a good Forex broker, a terminal you know, and a viable strategy, you can succeed easily.  That said, do make sure that your Forex broker is reliable and is not going to scam you out of your money. A good recommendation is  JustForex — an international broker  with decent trading conditions and spectacular support team that will always be able to help you out.        


﻿The top forex robots for 2020


           2019 has been a breakout year for successful forex robots, as a multitude of traders has amassed fortunes using them.     
 As we enter in 2020, the demand for automated trading software, like forex robots has increased. It’s thus a good idea to take a look at  top forex robot reviews , as it would help traders make better-informed decisions when it comes to selecting an appropriate automated trading software. 
  Forex robots can be best described as automated trading software, executing trades on behalf of the trader, based on some predefined trading rules selected by the trader him/herself. It takes the help of trading signals and trading algorithms to complete this process. Forex robots have always been preferred by traders for their profit potential. 
 The following article aims to highlight five of the most profitable forex robots in existence today from  reputed and legitimate developers . 
 
  ROFX.net:  Forex Robotron is a well-known forex robot which focuses more on providing a user-friendly experience. The platform is capable of conducting independent market research by analysing current events, predict their impact and make trade adjustments accordingly. Some of the useful features it has included a 24/7 dedicated support team, user-friendly interface and an auto-trading script. As noticed in the  latest RoFX review  it also accepts payment in various methods like direct PayPal, direct bank transfers and even in Bitcoin. 
  Forex Robotron :  The Robotron platform is another forex robot developed and tested using real variable spreads, real tick data and real slippage from Dukascopy with proven live results. It works with both the GBP/USD and EUR/USD market pairs which have the lowest spreads and great liquidity. This robot trades ranging markets, utilising a tight stop loss along with low risk, high accuracy and great consistency. It provides an 80% average win rate, which allows it to quickly build up the trading account equity. As far as losses are concerned, Robotron does not allow it to hit full stop loss. It instead anticipates a change in the market direction and gets out of the trade-in advance.  With a reliable strategy and user-friendly interface, Robotron can go on consecutive winning streaks of more than 80 trades. 
  Econ Power Trader:  Econ Power Trader is another reliable forex trading robot, developed by LeapFx. It offers compatibility with MetaTrader 4 and works well with brokers who offer the lowest possible spreads and slippage. It uses AINTT (Adaptive Intelligent News Trading Technology) along with a tight stop loss. It makes a greater amount of pips from winning trades which gives it a favourable risk to reward ratio. It is thus called a news straddle trader, as it strategically identifies important news that could affect the forex market and acts accordingly. 
  Securza Forex Robot : The Securza Forex Robot is one of the best available options for novice traders entering the market. Setup can be done easily within 5 minutes. It supports multiple currency pairs including EUR/USD and GBP/USD. An average trade normally lasts around 6 hours with an impressive win rate of more than 50%. The developer team also provides free updates with a money-back guarantee scheme in place. 
  Finwe Forex Robot : The Finwe Forex Robot offers a high win rate of around 70% with a risk to reward ration of almost 1:1. It works with both the GBP/USD and EUR/USD currency pairs, executing almost 15 trades on a daily basis. Verified tests on FXBlue indicate that it has amassed over 200% in trading gains with a monthly gain of 50% on an average.  It works best with an ECN account. 
 
 Why is it important to conduct a forex robot comparison? 
 Forex Robots are usually based on automatic mathematical algorithms along with trading strategies. The increased demand of forex robots has also attracted many illegitimate companies to set up Ponzi schemes masquerading as forex robots. This poses an obstacle for selecting a good forex robot for a memorable  trading experience . 
 Often, fraudulent companies set up promising looking websites with flashy images and great offers that make them hard to resist for a novice trader. Some of the claims are even backed up by unverified back-testing information which gives the impression that the past customers have got more than their money’s worth. Often times these are just Ponzi schemes aimed at unsuspecting traders and this is how many people have lost their hard earned money. 
 Thus, for  novice traders , it is always a good idea to conduct proper research before making any final decision based on some flashy advertisements or promises of fortune. Do not miss out on checking testimonials or reviews of those who have already used the robot. There are several authoritative sites that provide detailed reviews on the various forex robots available. 
 Conclusion 
 Forex robots from reliable developers and companies can change the fortune of any trader struggling to turn a profit. The above list of forex robots is just some of the most well-known and efficient forex robots in existence in the market today. 
    


﻿Forex Blade LLC: Trading Forex in 2020 has never been easier

  KUTZTOWN, PA / ACCESSWIRE / January 27, 2020 /  With a strong vision to succeed and aid others in their pathway to success,  Androw Narouz  is a 21-year-old born in Alexandria, Egypt. Initially, He was enduring his College course in Pennsylvania whilst also amassing a large student debt. He didn't feel comfortable with the accumulated debt, knowing that as it stands, he would be paying this off for the rest of his life. This, of course, sounded bleak to Androw, who knew there was a lot more to life than switching between minimum wage work simply to survive. After having his eyes opened to the potential to earn trading on the Foreign Exchange market, He was mentally invested.      Early Experience   After learning how to trade and transforming $2,000 into $80,000 (which was enough to comfortably pay off his college tuition fees), he became infatuated with the industry and wanted to provide more for the community. Due to this, he teamed up with a partner to start a company (that won't be named) which sold forex signals for $100 a month. Androw was responsible for providing profitable signals to the community, while his partner dealt with the marketing side. This allowed him to educate on the topic and truly benefit the lives of his customers, all whilst unpaid due to payment issues on behalf of his partner. Unfortunately, this came to an end when he worked for three months with no pay and woke up to notice he had been locked out of the community and blocked from all social media, meanwhile his partner was jetting off to Costa Rica with all of his money, $30,000 to be precise. This left Androw with little but $100 to his name, however, he is not one to dig his head in the Costa Rican sand similar to his ex-partner. This only spurred his on to embark on a journey of his own- create a revolutionary interface that would allow individuals to become independent in trading the financial markets.   A New Beginning   What he realized, and what many people in the industry also realize, is that there is a severe lack of legitimacy. Varying from courses that simply regurgitate free online information, to signal providers who are professional and supportive until they have your money- at which point they feel they no longer need to provide quality educational information. There was a clear gap in the market here- which was recognized by Androw, as he established  Forex Blade  LLC in 2017. This company was designed from the beginning to employ credibility and trust back into the currently skeptical industry that is forex. Through fifteen-hour days, severe concentration and dedication, Forex Blade LLC has been able to offer a unique product that genuinely benefits all of its members and is now playing a completely different ball game to all competitors.   Artificial Intelligence Takes on Forex   It all began with an expert advisor (EA) that he created which customers connected to their account and simply sat back to reap the profits. The EA would trade 24/5, allowing for no stress weekends that everyone desires deep down. The safest method allowed for returns of 5-20% monthly, which is considerably more than any offer of interest attainable from a bank. This is the recommended setting however for higher gains there are two other modes. After receiving the five-star feedback from his services, He felt inspired, but he also felt like his skills and knowledge base could allow him to provide a lot more for his community. Being a firm believer in "What you give, is what you get", he began two projects which would completely transform his students from novices to elite traders. The first project was an upgraded version of the automated EA. Over a 3-year period, He created an expert advisor which runs using Artificial Intelligence. It was extremely difficult for him to acquire a programmer who had the expertise and elegance to make his vision come true, due to its complexity. As the A.I was making progress on its completion, he began the most important project in his opinion, which is Forex Blade University.  Building an Empire   ForexBlade University  was released in late 2019 and boasts an extensive selection of educational videos, quizzes, and PDFs. The course begins with a short introduction before moving on to the beginner level which includes everything you need to know before taking the leap into the Forex Market, followed by a short quiz. After familiarizing yourself with the FX market, you would then be fully equipped to enter the intermediate level, which would educate you all about the most important things you should know when opening an account with a broker, ranging from important considerations which will ensure your money's safety, to exactly how to deposit your money into the account. Throughout each video, Androw portrayed an exceptional way of condensing each segment of information into an easy to understand format. Expert level, where things get really exciting, is no different in its quality and depth, yet also simplicity. This section begins with a rundown on the mentality required to function at an expert level, an exceptionally important component when attempting to achieve consistency in such a volatile market. Following this, all of the necessary and advanced methods of chart work are lectured in a unique fashion.   How To Get Started Trading Forex in 2020?  The course is rife with expert information, to seriously put you ahead of all other retail traders. Examples of this would be the best-selling Forex books and even a comprehensive selection of videos that display just how profitable the given strategy is. Not to mention the "Become a Millionaire" section which is too valuable and exclusive to speak of here. This is where it's at. You will not learn the content of this quality anywhere else, and definitely not for the price which is being asked. As well as all of the aforementioned content, after purchase, you will be added to a private Discord chat channel. This is exclusive and it cannot be glossed over how beneficial this is to growth. Being in an exclusive channel with other people of varying abilities, however all on the same journey really does promote reflection, and ultimately growth. It's going to be extremely interesting watching such a young man absolutely transform the Forex Industry and help all of his students in 2020.   Contact Details   Name:  Androw Narouz  Company Name:   Forex Blade LLC  Email:  Customerservice@forex-blade.com  website:  https://www.forex-blade.com/   SOURCE:  Forex Blade LLC  View source version on accesswire.com:  https://www.accesswire.com/574166/Trading-Forex-in-2020-has-never-been-easier    


